README.md, before:

# LabsForAmerica

One-click civic templates for communities, departments, schools, clinics, and emergency managers. Fork a template on Replit, customize branding in the built-in admin panel, and share a link with your community.

## Templates

- **CivicLabs** — Community challenges & proposals with printable summaries
- **JusticeLabs** — Anonymous tips & safety discussions with basic moderation
- **EduLabs** — Projects, mentor office hours, peer review, exports
- **HealthLabs** — Intake, resources, multilingual UI, privacy-first
- **AlertLabs** — Info pages paired with public alerts (shareable/printable/QR)

## Quick Start

1. Visit [labsforamerica.org](https://labsforamerica.org)
2. Choose a template that fits your needs
3. Click "Fork on Replit" (when links are configured)
4. Customize branding in the admin panel
5. Share your community engagement link

## Features

- **Privacy-first** — Consent prompts, anonymous modes, minimal data capture
- **Export-friendly** — CSV/JSON exports for integration with internal systems
- **Mobile-ready** — Works on all devices
- **No frameworks** — Pure static HTML/CSS/JS for maximum compatibility

## Local Development

```bash
# Start local server
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Visit http://localhost:8000
```

## Deployment

Deploy to any static host:
- **Vercel** — Connect repo for automatic deployment
- **GitHub Pages** — Enable Pages on main branch
- **Netlify** — Drag & drop or connect repo

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

Built for civic life, by and for communities.

Commit message:

Remove Replit dependencies, switch to GitHub Pages, add UNLICENSE
- Renamed replit-templates/ to templates/
- Updated templates.json to reference new template paths
- Updated README.md to remove Replit references
- Replaced MIT LICENSE with UNLICENSE for public domain release
- Added serve.py for local development
- Removed all .replit files and Replit-specific configs

README.md, after:

# LabsForAmerica

One-click civic templates for communities, departments, schools, clinics, and emergency managers. Deploy to GitHub Pages, customize branding in the built-in admin panel, and share a link with your community.

## Templates

- **CivicLabs** — Community challenges & proposals with printable summaries
- **JusticeLabs** — Anonymous tips & safety discussions with basic moderation
- **EduLabs** — Projects, mentor office hours, peer review, exports
- **HealthLabs** — Intake, resources, multilingual UI, privacy-first
- **AlertLabs** — Info pages paired with public alerts (shareable/printable/QR)

## Quick Start

1. Visit [labsforamerica.org](https://labsforamerica.org)
2. Choose a template that fits your needs
3. Click "Deploy to GitHub Pages"
4. Customize branding in the admin panel
5. Share your community engagement link

## Features

- **Privacy-first** — Consent prompts, anonymous modes, minimal data capture
- **Export-friendly** — CSV/JSON exports for integration with internal systems
- **Mobile-ready** — Works on all devices
- **No frameworks** — Pure static HTML/CSS/JS for maximum compatibility

## Local Development

```bash
# Start local server
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Visit http://localhost:8000
```

## Deployment

Deploy to any static host:
- **Vercel** — Connect repo for automatic deployment
- **GitHub Pages** — Enable Pages on main branch
- **Netlify** — Drag & drop or connect repo

## License

Public Domain - see [UNLICENSE](UNLICENSE) file for details.

---

Built for civic life, by and for communities.
